docs: adds a description of cc modes to the overview (#7022)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/overview/con-metrics-overview-tools.adoc

Based on _optimization goals_ that have been defined, Cruise Control generates _optimization proposals_ outlining how the cluster can be effectively rebalanced.
When an _optimization proposal_ is approved, Cruise Control applies the rebalancing outlined in the proposal.

You can generate optimization proposals in specific modes. 
A `full` mode rebalance across all brokers is used by default.
Other modes accommodate changes when scaling a cluster up or down.

> Generate an optimization proposal in `add-brokers` mode to include any newly added brokers in the rebalance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate an optimization proposal in `add-brokers` mode to move data from existing brokers to newly added ones.
```

> Generate an optimization proposal in `remove-brokers` mode to exclude any brokers from the rebalance that are set to be removed.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate an optimization proposal in `remove-brokers` mode to move all data off brokers to be removed, before scaling down.
```
